Improve Error Logging for CI checks (#26078)
Azure/azure-rest-api-specs: documentation/ci-fix.md

## TypeSpec Validation

This validator will help ensure your TypeSpec project follows [standard conventions](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/main/documentation/typespec-structure-guidelines.md) as well ensures that the [generated swagger](https://azure.github.io/typespec-azure/docs/emitters/typespec-autorest) files are in-sync with your project.

### Run tsv locally
```

> npm install
> npx --no tsv <path to project folder>
> # example:
> npx --no tsv specification/contosowidgetmanager/Contoso.WidgetManager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ cd <repo>
$ git checkout <your-branch>
$ git merge <target-branch>
$ npm ci
$ npx tsv <path-to-your-spec>
$ git commit; git push (if any changes)

# example:
$ npx tsv specification/contosowidgetmanager/Contoso.WidgetManager
```

Author: Why add the generic git info about checkout and merging? Do folks you have been helping not understand git?

Reviewer: In my experience, many spec authors seem unfamiliar with git, especially concepts like branching and merging.  A common problem is PRs failing TSV since the branch has been open for months and is not regularly merging from target.  So we definitely need include "merge latest from target before running locally" in our instructions.

If we want spec authors to fix TSV without needing to contact us, I think we need to provide very clear instructions, ideally commands they could copy/paste to their local machine.

Author: I'm good with this here. We might actually want to consider adding a section about handling git specific scenarios in another point in time.
